Logs:
- PDF Text Extraction Works
- Removed Input and Output from pdf_parser.py
- Table Extraction, hmm that didn't work (:/)
- Maybe selenium could be the ONE for web scraping? We'll see
- OK, we have some basic tools, that'll help me on the long run.
- Fixed a bug in logger from double quotes to single quotes
- Remember me, a function which checks if it has already processed a file or not, by using a .bin file
- Hasher function is ready
- Now onto RAG, but we don't want to straightly jump to RAG, instead, we need a config creator that stores an user's settings.
- Basic onboarding is here!
- Now, we can return onboarding config
- Docling - Carefully, he's a hero
- If i were to be honest, Docling's like those government agents in movies who say, and i quote "We'll Take It From Here".
- OH God, I JINXED IT!!!
- But still, i believe (with 0 basis) that Docling can assist me with chunking, you know?
- PyMUPDF, can we trust him, maybe???
- Maybe, i for sure know that i'm something's cooking.

--- 

> 14/04/26 - Tuesday
- Happy Tamil New Year and I'm optimizing the pdf_parser, although this is a hard-coded project, the pdf parsing part was pretty painful, so that part was generated by gemini here.
- Text parser is here too!

---
> 16/06/26 - Thursday
- Made extracted file names to have a prefix "extracted_"
- Fixed a somewhat-critical bug in `rememeber_me()` from [basictools.py](/basictools.py)

---
> 28/04/26 - Tuesday
- Quite some time has passed, and i guess the chunker logic is finally here, we'll see, and it's with my old frenemy **Docling**.
- Bad news, cue drumroll, who's been messing up everything? It was **Docling** (again) all along :/ We do not allow "phone-homers"
- Fixed a moderate bug in logger function
- Thank you Github user [Tanishq Bhattacharjee ⭐](https://github.com/TanKaizokuO) for starring this repo.
- Wait a minute, i googled my project, and found out, a website named "MachineBrief" has featured it? Huh. But, this so-called article talks about "Solana", that is something, i've never used, my guess is that it could be AI-generated? And, my guess is that it's a crypto website.
- So, we're gonna use references to build a RAG agent, so i found a youtube tutorial that's 5 hours long (🥀), and i can't sit through all of it. So, we will be using NotebookLM (yeah, i know, ironic)
- Ah! Another stargazer  [Grady O'Connell ⭐](https://github.com/flipcoder) is here, thank you!
- So, the idea for now, is to use a dumb LLM to test this out, and see how it works with the input i give it.
- Contributors are now welcome, make sure to read the [contributing.md](/CONTRIBUTING.md)
- Oh wait, another stargazer! [Zymacs ⭐](https://github.com/zymacs)
- **First Fork:** [zymacs/gigabook-lm](https://github.com/zymacs/gigabook-lm)
  
> 29/04/26 - Wednesday
- I've got some midnight thoughts:
  - I guess Human-moderated Peephole optimization is our friend.
  - And, i think around some point of time, we might need `cpp`.
  - What i'm going to say is insane, but for the sake of optimization, maybe, can we build RAG by `cpp`? I mean, afterall, this language is seriously known it's for performance and memory optimization, IF Handled right.
  - Oh boy, this would definitely mean that, i have to write industry standard code, nice but still 💀
  - Man, in the era of vibe coding, if we copy code from websites, and implement it here, and if we did understand how it works, it's genuine, and works better than sloppy code.
  - I mean, if we go for a code that we cant understand, we're no longer working optimized (Inspired by Ayrton Senna's iconic quote).
  - I guess i'm kind of a hypocrite here, because i don't understand how pymupdf works. So, i want to understand how it works. To be honest, It's more penny for my thoughts as ideology, and i could fail spectacularly in executing the optimization thing.
 
- Well, i thought i'd remove web scraping, so that this remains air-gapped as said. But, if you guys wanna make modifications, go ahead, just like Queen's manager *Jim Beach* said **You can do what you want with my music, but don't make me boring**. But, my version will remain airgapped.

> 30/04/26 - Thursday
- I'm thinking hypothetically, if we could somehow password protect `gatekeep.bin`, could this prevent anyone from accessing `gatekeep.bin`. Wait, why just that, we could password protect GigaBookLM, and it would be set by the user himself? OK, THIS IS A way too much of a STRETCH..
- And, we could have a `notebook.json` to store things like `NoteBook_UID`, `NoteBook_Name`, `NoteBook_Source_Count`, `Source File Paths`.
- Like, i previously said, i need to learn RAG. 
- We need to build a docx parser too

> 01/05/26 - Friday
- I have a bad feeling that I am overhyping this idea, maybe what if it's just a plug-n-play thing? Like even if you use embedding models, LLM, first i need to learn RAG, what am i doing, for now, i need to focus on my exam right now. LIke, am i on the right track? i don't want to mess this up, i feel i overmarketed it.
- OK, Like i promised, i am *not* willing to AI write code for me, but i want to check how right i am on the track, as a sophomore, for a project of this scale, i need better oversight, on what i'm doing.
- FYI, i use gemini and claude to brainstorm and understand my ideas. But, it doesn't esactly understand my ideas, sometimes. Oh wait, Antigravity!
- So, an embedding model is just trained on GB's of data, only to know car and automobiles can be different, based on context, only to return a couple of vectors. I know, it's not simple, But still...
- Maybe, just maybe chunking is where we bring `cpp` in, you know?
- OK, here's what i figured out: **Chunking, and then we hit the embedding model with the chunked data**
- This is how it could work?
```
Feed Content → Turn to MD → Slice and Produce Chunks with C++ → Chunks2Vectors (with Embedding Models) → User asks a question → That question is first passed to a CPP script that can effectively seach with vectors produced by Chunks2Vectors, and possibly relevant content is produced, and is returned to the LLM → That LLm will return it in a gracious way
```

> 02/05/26 - Saturday
- Finally, i figured it out.
- I know i said, this project was supposed to be lightweight, but we need a real captain, that is Vector DB.
- **Updated** This is how it could work?
```
Feed Content → Turn to MD → All MD's as Master MD File → Slice and Produce Chunks with C++ → Chunks2Vectors (with Embedding Models) → Vectors are sent to VectorDB → Now, User asks a question → That question is first passed to a CPP script that can effectively seach with vectors produced by Chunks2Vectors, and possibly relevant content is produced, and is returned to the LLM → That LLm will return it in a gracious way
```
- This might not be how it would be implemented, but it gives me a mental model of how **GigaBookLM** should look like.
- Definitely need to improve and re-invent MD structure
- CPP function for chunking?
- CPP function for fetching the best results from a vector DB?
- OK, this is a bit Crucial:
  - Python can be linked with CPP by some sort of link
  - C++ can vector db, same case as above
  - **BUT**, how do we link c++ and llama cpp llm model?
- What if we integrate chunking, while the source documents are converted to markdown?
- **Claude** said this: ```Here's how real engineering works: Write it badly (get it working) → Measure it (find the bottleneck) → Refine it (write good code where it matters ```
- Although, i said, i wanted to write the chunker in `cpp`, but to understand first, let me write in `python`, then back to `cpp`.
- That's it, no more logs today, i need a short break, it's been quite the blast!

> 04/06/26 - Monday
- Well, i needed a break, and we're back.
- Now, there might be development halts, my semester exams are around the block, i need to work on that first!
- OK, now that out of the way, let's focus on Markdown.
- Marker is heavy, nope.
- If i were to be honest, before i make some changes in changing markdown structure, chunker is in the way, we need to make sure that it's easy-peasy
- How do we make sure that a PDF knows the difference between regular text and code block?
- There are a lot of, artifacts that need to be worked on, so, yeah.
- If so, the pdf chunking could be a one big part, that totally defines this project.
- And, i'm thinking, since content extraction from PDF's is hectic, for now, i'm going to focus on `markdown` and `text` files, to accelerate developement, WHICH doesn't mean that, PDF's will be skipped, but it's a future enhancement.
- Now that the painful part is out of the way, we DEFINITELY need to focus on the chunker.