Logs:
- PDF Text Extraction Works
- Removed Input and Output from pdf_parser.py
- Table Extraction, hmm that didn't work (:/)
- Maybe selenium could be the ONE for web scraping? We'll see
- OK, we have some basic tools, that'll help me on the long run.
- Fixed a bug in logger from double quotes to single quotes
- Remember me, a function which checks if it has already processed a file or not, by using a .bin file
- Hasher function is ready
- Now onto RAG, but we don't want to straightly jump to RAG, instead, we need a config creator that stores an user's settings.
- Basic onboarding is here!
- Now, we can return onboarding config
- Docling - Carefully, he's a hero
- If i were to be honest, Docling's like those government agents in movies who say, and i quote "We'll Take It From Here".
- OH God, I JINXED IT!!!
- But still, i believe (with 0 basis) that Docling can assist me with chunking, you know?
- PyMUPDF, can we trust him, maybe???
- Maybe, i for sure know that i'm something's cooking.

--- 

> 14/04/26 - Tuesday
- Happy Tamil New Year and I'm optimizing the pdf_parser, although this is a hard-coded project, the pdf parsing part was pretty painful, so that part was generated by gemini here.
- Text parser is here too!

---
> 16/06/26 - Thursday
- Made extracted file names to have a prefix "extracted_"
- Fixed a somewhat-critical bug in `rememeber_me()` from [basictools.py](/basictools.py)

---
> 28/04/26 - Tuesday
- Quite some time has passed, and i guess the chunker logic is finally here, we'll see, and it's with my old frenemy **Docling**.
- Bad news, cue drumroll, who's been messing up everything? It was **Docling** (again) all along :/ We do not allow "phone-homers"
- Fixed a moderate bug in logger function
- Thank you Github user [Tanishq Bhattacharjee ⭐](https://github.com/TanKaizokuO) for starring this repo.
- Wait a minute, i googled my project, and found out, a website named "MachineBrief" has featured it? Huh. But, this so-called article talks about "Solana", that is something, i've never used, my guess is that it could be AI-generated? And, my guess is that it's a crypto website.
- So, we're gonna use references to build a RAG agent, so i found a youtube tutorial that's 5 hours long (🥀), and i can't sit through all of it. So, we will be using NotebookLM (yeah, i know, ironic)
- Ah! Another stargazer  [Grady O'Connell ⭐](https://github.com/flipcoder) is here, thank you!
- So, the idea for now, is to use a dumb LLM to test this out, and see how it works with the input i give it.
- Contributors are now welcome, make sure to read the [contributing.md](/CONTRIBUTING.md)
- Oh wait, another stargazer! [Zymacs](https://github.com/zymacs)
